title=Release Notes - Version 0.2 Alpha
date=2015-07-10
updated=2015-08-28
type=page
status=draft
navorder=1
~~~~~~

Released: July 10, 2015


#### New Feature: Retrieving atoms for source asserted identifiers
Users can retrieve all of the atoms associated with a source asserted identifier. See [Retrieving atoms](/rest/atoms/) for details.

#### New Feature: Retrieving concept definitions.
Users can now retrieve definitions for CUIs in the UMLS.  See [Retrieving definitions](/rest/definitions/) for details.

#### New Feature: Retrieving immediate parents and children of source-asserted identifiers.
Users can now retrieve parents and children of source-asserted identifiers.  See [Retrieving parents and children](/rest/parents-and-children/) for details.


#### Change to JSON output
JSON output is now wrapped in a 'result' object, as such

~~~~json

{
  "result":{
   ...
  
  }
}

~~~~


#### Change to URL request structure
Users no longer need to include a trailing forward slash at the end of their REST calls. For example, _/CUI/C0018787/atoms_ - without a forward slash following the word 'atoms' - is a valid call in Version 0.2 alpha. The JSON output from the REST API no longer includes trailing forward slashes either.

#### Change to results under /search endpoint

The uri field of search results is now populated with a URL to the relevant unique identifier.
An additional 'ui' field has been added, which is populated with the string literal unique identifier.

#### Change to HTTP Binding
Under the /content endpoint, searches on invalid identifiers will return an http status of 404.
Invalid terms or IDs that are presented to the /search endpoint will return an HTTP status 200.  The returned object will contain a name field populated with 'NO RESULTS'.  Example:

~~~~xml
<!--search on 'foo bar baz' -->
https://uts-ws.nlm.nih.gov/rest/search/2015AA?string=foo%20bar%20baz&ticket=ST...
~~~~

~~~~json
{
  "result":
    {
    "classType":"searchResults",
    "results":
    [
      {
      "ui":"NONE",
      "name":"NO RESULTS"
      }
    ]
    },
    "pageNum":1,
    "pageSize":25
}


~~~~


